Adding new ppl profiles (#558)
usds/website: _people/1350_carla-bynum.md

---
# Page template info (DO NOT EDIT)
layout: default
banner_file: banner--people-projects-lg.svg
banner_file_mobile: banner--people-projects-sm.svg
people_page: true

# Page link (Edit this)
permalink: people/carla-bynum

# People Carousel and Page (Edit this)
name: Carla Bynum
pronouns: She/Her
alumni: false
cop: Front Office
city_of_origin: Washington, DC
previously_at: U.S. General Services Administration
image_name: carla-bynum.jpg
quote: "I love that USDS is intentional about selecting projects and is dedicated to helping underrepresented communities, such as veterans and immigrants."

---

**What’s your background?**

> Prior to joining the USDS at DHS team, I provided administrative support for various offices within the General Services Administration. Nine years ago, I started out supporting the GSA American Recovery Act office where I worked in the Limited Scopes office. I spent a bulk of my time with GSA supporting their Field Office and Opportunities Center at St. Elizabeths campus where we provided workforce development opportunities to residents in Ward 8. I then moved to the GSA maintenance office at the Nebraska Avenue Complex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to joining the USDS team at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), I provided administrative support for various offices within the General Services Administration (GSA). Nine years ago, I started out supporting the GSA American Recovery Act office, where I worked in the Limited Scopes office, then spent the bulk of my time supporting GSA's Field Office and Opportunities Center campus at St. Elizabeths, where we provided workforce development opportunities to residents in Ward 8. I then moved to the GSA maintenance office at the Nebraska Avenue Complex.
```

**What inspired you to join USDS?**

> Community-service has always been a passion of mine and I was heavily involved in community service and outreach efforts at my previous job. I was attracted to USDS because of the focus on people-centered development. I love that USDS is intentional about selecting projects and is dedicated to helping underrepresented communities, such as veterans and immigrants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community service has always been a passion of mine, and I was heavily involved in community service and outreach efforts at my previous job. I was attracted to USDS because of the focus on people-centered development. I love that USDS is intentional about selecting projects and is dedicated to helping underrepresented communities, such as Veterans and immigrants.
```

**What do you want to do after USDS?**

I would love to continue working on people-centered projects that benefit communities that are oftentimes overlooked.

**What will you miss most about USDS when you leave?**

> I will miss the family vibe USDS has. Everyone that I’ve interacted with has been super friendly and work to actively counteract stereotypes we often encounter around public servants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I will miss the family vibe USDS has. Everyone that I’ve interacted with has been super friendly, and works to actively counteract stereotypes we often encounter around public servants.
```
